Let’s look at a demonstration of the RESTful API.
First, navigate to the RESTful API documentation.
We’ll use the "Get latest revision" endpoint.
Here, you can see the syntax, the description,
the path parameters, and a URL that you can
copy and paste in Postman for your API call.
We’ll open a new call in Postman. Select
the Authorization tab. Then, select the Type
dropdown and choose Bearer Token. Simply enter
your API key in the Token field. Once again,
we’re using a variable for our API key.
One nice thing about the RESTful API is
you don’t need to include an API key or
connectionID in your API call syntax. When
you add your API key as a Bearer Token,
the API call knows where to look for it.
Next, we’ll paste the endpoint URL we copied from
the API documentation. Edit any field with a curly
bracket surrounding it . We’ll enter the same
InfoCard number from the last video: TRN-SOP-0015.
Lastly, select Send.
Here is the result.